Robot invasion
==============

Giant robots are about to invade the earth and you are tasked with simulating
the invasion.

You are given a map containing the names of cities in the non-existent world of
X. The map is in a file, with one city per line. The city name is first,
followed by 1-4 directions (north, south, east, or west). Each one represents a
road to another city that lies in that direction.

For example:

Foo north=Bar west=Baz south=Qu-ux
Bar south=Foo west=Bee

The city and each of the pairs are separated by a single space, and the
directions are separated from their respective cities with an equals (=) sign.

You should create N robots, where N is specified as a command-line argument.

These robots start out at random places on the map, and wander around randomly,
following links. Each iteration, the robots can travel in any of the directions
leading out of a city. In our example above, an robot that starts at Foo can go
north to Bar, west to Baz, or south to Qu-ux.

When two robots end up in the same place, they fight, and in the process kill
each other and destroy the city. When a city is destroyed, it is removed from
the map, and so are any roads that lead into or out of it.

In our example above, if Bar were destroyed the map would now be something
like:

Foo west=Baz south=Qu-ux

Once a city is destroyed, robots can no longer travel to or through it. This
may lead to robots getting "trapped".

You should create a program that reads in the world map, creates N robots, and
unleashes them. The program should run until all the robots have been
destroyed, or each robot has moved at least 10,000 times. When two robots
fight, print out a message like:

Bar has been destroyed by robot 10 and robot 34!

(If you want to give them names, you may, but it is not required.) Once the
program has finished, it should print out whatever is left of the world in the
same format as the input file.

Feel free to make assumptions (for example, that the city names will never
contain numeric characters), but please add comments or assertions describing
the assumptions you are making.
